README.md, before:

# fix-final-grade-scale

This program uses nightmarejs to change the grade scale in d2l courses to a given setting

## Install The Program

```
git clone https://github.com/byuitechops/fix-final-grade-scale.git
cd fix-final-grade-scale
npm install 
``` 
## Instructions
It will ask you all the things that you need to give it in the cli
   1. Grade Scale - use the value that is on the `option` elemet in the `select` element for the grade scale you want (Pathway_Standard). Use inspect to find the value.
   2. The csv listing the courses you want. See `testOus.csv` for an example. 
   3. Which domain do you want it in. Pathway or BYUI
   4. Username for the admin login
   5. Password for the admin login
   
Also see [course-list-generator](http://www.github.com/byuitechops/course-list-generator) for help in making the list of ou numbers.

## Output
It writes a CSV file to the current directory that shows the value and text of the final grade select element before and after the program ran. It also writes a file that has recorded any courses that threw an error. 

**Make sure to check both files to be sure that the program ran successfully!**

Commit message:

added instruction for course-list-generator

README.md, after:

# fix-final-grade-scale

This program uses nightmarejs to change the grade scale in d2l courses to a given setting

## Install The Program

```
git clone https://github.com/byuitechops/fix-final-grade-scale.git
cd fix-final-grade-scale
npm install 
``` 
## Instructions
It will ask you all the things that you need to give it in the cli
   1. Grade Scale - use the value that is on the `option` elemet in the `select` element for the grade scale you want (Pathway_Standard). Use inspect to find the value.
   2. The csv listing the courses you want. See `testOus.csv` for an example. 
   3. Which domain do you want it in. Pathway or BYUI
   4. Username for the admin login
   5. Password for the admin login
   
Also see [course-list-generator](http://www.github.com/byuitechops/course-list-generator) for help in making the list of ou numbers.
when you run course-list-generator, you don't need to use anything for the query. This will insure that you fix every course.

## Output
It writes a CSV file to the current directory that shows the value and text of the final grade select element before and after the program ran. It also writes a file that has recorded any courses that threw an error. 

**Make sure to check both files to be sure that the program ran successfully!**
